Hi, guys.
Worker Now what's your going to be doing?
This lecture is when is a clicks on any of this categories or your products related to that categories
is going to show up.
For example, if a user clicks on this, what's categories?
Only phones related products are going to be displayed.
Okay, then not to do this, we're going to need to go back to our VSC code and then we're going to
go to the provider directory and then the products that that's fine.
Okay.
Now the first thing they're going to need to do is we're going to create a function or you can simply
call it a mental.
Okay, now where we can just specify that it's going to be a type of list that is going to be a type
of the products model.
Okay.
Now that you can see the production model, we have the idea of the product, the title of the product,
the description of the product, the price of the product, the imagery attached to the product, the
product category name as well, the quantity of the products.
Right.
Okay.
So now we can then use controlled beta to make this wide.
And now we can call this function find by category.
Okay.
Now, the next step you're going to need to take is you're going to pass in a dynamic variable.
So any time we call this function, we're gonna need to pass in the value.
So that variable over here, we can just specify it is a type of string since the variable is going
to be a test.
We can call this category.
Name.
Okay.
Now you're going to call this function.
Well, before then we can distort the results in the variable called category.
Category this.
And we can specify that the robot is going to be a type of list.
Okay.
And now we can then say, is it quartz you on this call products?
Then they're going to check for the need to say dots where?
Where elements.
Elements Dots for dots category name.
You can see we have access to all the products data.
Right?
Okay.
Product, category, name.
And now we can just go about this or a lowercase by saying dots to lowercase.
Okay.
Where elements.
The product name dot contains.
The category name.
Remember, this is just a dynamic variable, right?
Later we're going to pass in the value to this variable.
Okay.
So we are simply saying we are the elements that for the category name is equal to the value of the
past data.
Right.
Then as well we can.
Conveyed this to the case.
Okay.
And over here, you can see.
Duke has DNC odds, so at least.
Okay, great.
Great.
Now, the next step to do it is to retard this dribble.
So by saying the return on the score category.
Liz.
Okay.
What you can do is you can put this inside.
In brackets.
Okay, let's make sure it is a list and then hard three dots to tell that it is a list.
Okay, great.
Now, this is basically it's nice control and that's the two.
Okay.
Great.
Now, this is the method to display certain categories.
Okay.
Right.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.